#### Minutes from meeting on 2nd July #19

Idea to create a platform with longevity and for apps to be built on it.

Summary of doc in issue.

Anyone can enter information, in order for us to be able to get more content than we would be able to on our own.

Lubes and Mavis will be working on the platform lead by Eoin

Locals should talk to Dan about their availability or requirements or desire to work on particular projects.

Once that has been mapped out, we need to estimate a shcedule for when the platform will be ready.

Dan/platform team estimate that by the end of this week (thurs 6th) we should be able to say exactly that, and we would hope to have some good documentation of the API by then.

Lubes, Mavis and Dan (possibly Eoin) will have a meeting soon to discuss the platform.
