planning meeting 4/7/17

Rough notes/minutes taken by Lubes
Attendees: Dan, Lubes, Mavis, Eoin, MG

MG: what is the purpose of this meeting?
dan: talk about the open tourism platform.

agenda:
Dan: answer outstanding q's about requirements
Eoin: sort out timeframe for work
- timeframe more casual than initially thought, because of locals preferences
- sprint should start on Sunday 9th or Monday 10th

questions:
eoin: is data owned in the sense only an owner can edit their event? or is it open?
dan: owner has edit rights makes sense, unless we can think of an interesting case where this is not right.

eoin- should we handle permissions/ownership pretty much by hand?
dan: yes, not going to be loads of businesses at start, can be manual.

dan: 3 classes of user:
superuser e.g. us/app owners
admins/moderators e.g. volunteers for data entry
users- business owners or regular users who might own e.g. reviews

dan: new content comes from 2 sources:
admin or
someone with particular interest
- don't need moderation for admin
- maybe we need moderation, esp in v0, for other users entering data

lubes: is the platform anything more than an API? wrt the thread about data entry being an 'app'
eoin:
yes, auth is part of platform
API is core part of platform
data entry app is module of platform 

MG: will apps have their own db tables etc?
dan: ideally, could add stuff to platform in due course.
eoin: fear we produce something coupled with the 4 apps, agree we don't want to abstract too much, but want to build out a db related to the domain, not end up with a combined db for all apps.

lubes: how do we go from here, tech choices etc.?
eoin: discuss after requirements have been decided, later on this week.

lubes: me and mavis should spec up db, permissions, etc next, right?

eoin: try hard to engage app developers, discuss their apps, see if our backend specs will fit in with their ideas.
benefits:
1. engage them in platform
2. engage them in their apps
3. might get more info

fixed timescale:
dan- have a sprint planning session before sunday 9th. write user stories etc.
eoin: we can meet tomorrow (weds)? lubes and mavis to show first draft API spec. Then decide on tech choices etc, then create a technical tasks backlog thursday, then meet sunday morning to fill up sprint with these technical tasks (sprint planning).

dan: change sunday meeting to saturday or friday.

all: 6pm Nazareth on Friday for sprint planning

lubes, mavis, eoin: tomorrow at 12 Naz to discuss first draft.
